- [Narrator] In this video, we will configure
our beans to be used to interact
with our MongoDB database.
First, let's open up IntelliJ.
Then, let's navigate to SRC, main, Java,
the base package, config, and then open up data config.
First off, let's define a string constant
to define the database name.
Let's use a IntelliJ shortcut here.
Type in psfs, and press enter.
That will automatically type out public static final string.
Then in all caps, let's type out database name.
Constants are generally named in snake case
in all uppercase letters.
An underscore separates each element of the name.
This format is also called screaming snake.
Let's set the database name to reservations.
Now let's define a method that returns the type
Reactive Mongo Database Factory.
Type in public.
Let's go ahead and use auto complete.
And let's take a Mongo client as a parameter.
This Mongo client bean comes from
the embedded Mongo auto configuration class.
Reactive Mongo Database Factory is an interface.
So let's implement a concrete class.
Let's instantiate a instance of simple,
Reactive Mongo Database Factory.
Then, let's pass in a instance of Mongo client,
and our database name.
We need to be sure to import the right version
of the Mongo client.
If we take a look at line three,
we imported the non reactive version of the Mongo client.
So if we delete that line,
and use the keyboard shortcut alt plus enter,
we can be sure to grab the reactive version
of the Mongo client.
Then let's add a bean annotation.
Now let's define another dependency
of the type Reactive Mongo Operations.
Type in public.
And then set the return type to the interface
Reactive Mongo Operations.
Let's name the method Reactive Mongo Template.
And pass in the bean Reactive Mongo Database Factory.
Now, let's instantiate a instance
of Reactive Mongo Template.
Type in return new Reactive Mongo Template.
Which is a concrete implementation
of the interface Reactive Mongo Operations.
Let's pass in the Mongo Database Factory bean,
and close it at the semicolon.
Finally, let's mark it as a bean.
Now our Reactive Mongo Template
is available for dependency injection.
Keep in mind, this config is for your local profile.
Your configuration may change in production.